#### Pirran Government
In the few decades since the cataclysm wrought by The Event, Pirra has struggled to found a strong central government.  With the Emperor and all of his immediate heirs missing, Pirra's throne has sat open for twenty-seven years.  Pirra's assembly of nobles has twice called an althing to elect a new king, but failed in both instances to elevate any of their number to the throne.  Jealousy and suspicion between Lords makes it unlikely that a new King will be chosen soon.

The resultant power vacuum has left the **Ecumenical Synod** as the de facto leader of the Pirran nation.  The Ecumenical Synod is a synod representing all of Pirra's orthodox faiths, currently headed by Iadean Archbishop Thomasz Juratis.  Archbishop Thomasz's elevation was a sudden one. prior to The Event, he was a simple priest of the small port city of Eibach.  When the moon froze in the sky and the empire shattered, Father Thomasz personally led thousands of refugees to the safety of Libussa.  With the Iadean Patriarch dead, or worse, in Anem, the father completed the ceremonial pilramage beneath the Black Citadel and returned the city's Archbishop. 

Under Thomasz's leadership, the Ecumenical Synod has directed the combined might of Pirra's holy orders into improving the lives of their flocks.  They have built settlements and schools.  They have opened the doors of their temples to any Pirran who has lost their home in the conflict and turmoil of the recent years.  Underpriests of all faiths have collected taxes and repaired roads.  The Synod knows that the gods smile on Pirra, and that in time, all will be well.

While the Ecumenical Synod preaches the virtue of good works and the promise of a better world, there are times when kind words and hope are not enough.  In these dark moments, the **Chartered Knights of Pirra** and the **Inquisition** stand to defend Pirra's citizens from whatever forces might threaten them.

Pirra's Chartered Knights are brotherhoods of like minded individuals, united in purpose, and bound by traditions that lend them strength.  Each order has been granted a founding charter by a Pirran King and answers to no office save the throne itself, including the Ecumenical Synod.  Each order is beholden to the dictates of its charter, and its legitimacy depends on each member upholding the charter's vows.  Hundreds of charters exist, including famous names such as the Order of Saint Ivan, the Brotherhood of Lovac the Bloody, and the First Pirran Couriers.  Knights themselves are dividedi into Landed Charters and Errant Charters.  Landed Charters rule territories the size of an earldom, while Errant Charters may spread across the entirety of Pirra, provided they obey the rule of the nobility who owns the land.

While the Chartered Knights of Pirra stand against enemies that threaten the nation by force of arms, the Inquisition guards its citizens against more insidious threats.  Headquartered in the depths of the Black Citadel, the Inquisition keeps eternal watch against threats that would subvert or corrupt the newly independent nation.  It is a quiet war against threats that should never see the light of day.  Pirran peasants speak fearfully of the Inquisition: they know nothing of them save for stories of neighors being dragged from their homes, never to be seen again.  They never hear the rest of the tale.

While Pirra's temporal and spiritual powers have made great strides in putting their nation on the path to greatness, much of the day to day work of running the country is done by thousands of Chieftans and Lords.  There is an old Pirran idiom that translates into the common tongue as "The gods are in heaven, and the emperor is very far away, but I am here in front of you."  This idiom is as true now as it was five thousand years ago.  Pirra, at present, is simply too large to rule from a central capital.  So long as the Lords continue to send taxes and military levies, the Synod is content to leave them be, for now.

##### Pirran Military
Pirra's military consists largely of peasant levies, supplemented by elite troops of Chartered Knights or Ecumenical Militant orders.  Pirran levies are strong and brave, but they fight as *warriors,* rather than soldiers.  Pitched battles of maneuver are battles that Pirrans frequently lose.  Canny generals turn this weakness into a strength.  They favor delaying tactics, and skirmishes that enrage their opponents and draw them into unfavorable ground.  In desparate times, the Synod may authorize the use of an **Artifact.** These magical items are immensely powerful, though priest and general alike are loath to use them.  They are rare, and are frequently as dangerous to their own troops as they are to enemy forces.  Despite this, Pirra's willingness to use such artifacts has kept their nation free from outside rule.